1.  Explain the Hardware Abstraction Layer.
2.  Explain an Hypervisor.
3.  What is the major difference between a type1 hypervisor and a type2 hypervisor
4. What is RAID?
5. Differentiate between RAID-10 and RAID-5?
6. Explain the forms in which storage can be connected to a host system.
7. Differentiate betrween a data store and a volume
8. What is a virtual switch?
9. Difference between vhd and vhdx?
10. Difference bwteen fixed sized virtual disk and dynamic virtual disks.











































1.  The hardware abstraction layer is the software that allows software interract with various hardwares in a system without understanding how it was implemented.
2.  A Hypervisor is the software in charge of setting up a new virtual machine.
3.  A type1 hypervisor is bare metal and comes with the hardware. A type2 hypeervisor is installed as an applicaiton.
4.  Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disk is a way of combining multiple hard disks to form one usually for saftey.
5.  In Raid-10, data is stored in the disk as mirrors.  EG: combining 4 2TB disks to form 1 8TB disk thay can only store 4GB worth of info cause info is stored twice so when one partiion fails, another can take over... Raid-5 stores data but keeps one drive for redundacy, SO our example now has 4 2TB drives. If set up in RAID-5, we can store 3 drives worth of data. IE 6TB and save one drive for redundacy incase any of the other drives fail.
6. Local storage: Physically available
   Storage Area Network: A drive that is available to multiple hosts on a network
    Network Attched Storage: A drive available over the internet.
7.  A data store is a pool of storage formed from multiple data disks combiined to form a RAID while a volume is a section cut out of said data store.
8.  A virtual switch is a usual network switch but for virtual machines. The connect the virtual machine to the host system.
9. they are both formats to store virtual memory. A vhd cannot store more than 2TB of data while a vhdx can store up tp 64TB of data.
10. A fixed virtual disk takes up the allocated space from a host PC regardless of if the space is in use or not while a dynamic virtual disk only takes up the part it needs to take to store thr data it currently has to store.
